[Music]
here in this technique we're going to
show you how to prepare a leg of lamb
for roasting by studying it with herbs
and flavors so what you do is you get
yourself a small knife and you make
incisions at an angle into the land and
then just in the incision the place
a sprig of herb
here we're using garlic and rosemary
classic flavors with lamb I'm making the
incision at an angle the reason why if
you make it at an angle then you cover
more surface area of the meat so you're
going to penetrate more of the meat with
more of that delicious flavor sprig lots
of herbs would work well for this you
could use basil oregano sun-dried
tomatoes olives will be absolutely
delicious so keep on doing that all over
your leg of lamb and when that studied
all over what you do is very simply just
brush the lamb with some oil seasoned it
quite generously
we're sought and then that goes in the
oven the nice thing about studying it is
you get the flavor really into the meat
rather than just rubbing it with herbs
you actually get the flavor of the herbs
and your flavorings of garlic in this
case right into the meat so here we've
got one that's been roasting it's
perfect and golden and not only do the
herbs give you that wonderful flavor
they also look really attractive so
that's how to start a leg of lamb for
roasting
[Music]